hey YouTube it's chimneyswift here from
the minecraft workbench community and
tonight we're going to do a special
little video to be real quick and it's
all about crafting basic items and
tonight's feature we're going to do all
wooden tools now let's just get started
right away to craft wooden tools you
need Wood obviously and you find wood
from trees now you can take this wood
and put it in a crafting box like this
and you get wooden planks from these
wooden planks you can craft sticks and
sticks are created by putting one wooden
plank on top of the other now sticks are
vital when you are making tools because
every tool like you see here has uses
sticks as a handle so the first two
we're going to make is a wooden sword
and make one stored you place one stick
below and two wooden planks above that
makes a wooden sword the next tool is a
wooden pickaxe and to do this you put
two sticks for the handle instead of one
to the sword there's two for the handle
for a pickaxe and the three across the
top this creates the pic shovel too for
a handle two sticks of the handle one
wooden plank for the blade of the shovel
an axe the exact same way to two sticks
to the handle and then we're going to do
three in the corner like this wooden
planks makes a wooden axe and last tool
we can create is a wooden gardening hoe
and it's basically the same thing as an
axe or a pic minus one so it's two
sticks and two planks alright guys this
is the set for wooden tool crafting if
you guys would like more tips like this
in documentation form check out this
awesome new a minecraft survival guide
that I found online click on the link in
the description and
check it out it's really really cool
it's got everything you need to know
about Minecraft every crafting recipe
absolutely everything it is fantastic so
check it out it's in the link in the
description also you can find it on my
webpage at wwm Swift 11.com alright
thanks guys hope to see you again soon
for more minecraft files byte